ENH Remove unnecessary OOB computation when n_more_estimators == 0 (#26318)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/whats_new/v1.3.rst

  scikit-learn 1.3: retraining with scikit-learn 1.3 is required.
  :pr:`25186` by :user:`Felipe Breve Siola <fsiola>`.

> - |Efficiency| :class:`ensemble.BaseForest` now only recomputes out-of-bag scores
>   if `n_more_estimators > 0` in subsequent `fit` calls.

Reviewer: `BaseForest` is not a public class and `n_more_estimators` is not a public parameter. The user guide is public facing, so it's best to state the change in terms of the public API:

```suggestion
- |Efficiency| :class:`ensemble.RandomForestClassifier` and 
  :class:`ensemble.RandomForestRegressor` with `warm_start=True` now only
  recomputes out-of-bag scores when there are actually more `n_estimators`
  in subsequent `fit` calls.
```

  scikit-learn 1.3: retraining with scikit-learn 1.3 is required.
  :pr:`25186` by :user:`Felipe Breve Siola <fsiola>`.

> - |Efficiency| :class:`ensemble.RandomForestClassifier` and 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- |Efficiency| :class:`ensemble.RandomForestClassifier` and
```
